c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.exe.config
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone_Logging.frmMainWindow.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone_Logging.Resources.resources
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Hearthstone Logging\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.exe.config
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.exe
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\bin\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone_Logging.frmMainWindow.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone_Logging.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\GitHub\Hearthstone-Logging-Attempt\Hearthstone Logging\obj\Debug\Hearthstone Logging.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
